Adds version requirements for npm and node.js (#1841)
saucelabs/sauce-docs: docs/dev/cli/saucectl.md

]}>

<TabItem value="npm">

> Requires Node.js v16 or higher and npm v8 or higher.

Reviewer: Suggestion to either spell out "version" or remove "v". 
```suggestion
Requires Node.js 16 or higher and npm 8 or higher. 
```

```bash title="Using NPM"
npm install -g saucectl
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="binary">

> Requires Node.js v16 or higher and npm v8 or higher.

Reviewer: Suggestion to either spell out "version" or remove "v". 
```suggestion
Requires Node.js 16 or higher and npm 8 or higher.
```
